docs(faq): more information on what changed in Helm 3 (#5718)
helm/helm: docs/faq.md

operational steps when installing Tiller into a multi-tenant cluster.

After hearing how community members were using Helm in certain scenarios, we found that Tiller’s release management
system did not need to rely upon an in-cluster operator to maintain state or act as a central hub for Helm release
information. Instead, we could simply fetch information from the Kubernetes API server, render the Charts client-side,
and store a record of the installation in Kubernetes.

Tiller’s primary goal could be accomplished without Tiller, so one of the first decisions we made regarding Helm 3 was
to completely remove Tiller.

With Tiller gone, the security model for Helm is radically simplified. Helm 3 now supports all the modern security,
identity, and authorization features of modern Kubernetes. Helm’s permissions are evaluated using your [kubeconfig file](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/).
Cluster administrators can restrict user permissions at whatever granularity they see fit. Releases are still recorded
in-cluster, and the rest of Helm’s functionality remains.

### Release Names are now scoped to the Namespace

> With the removal of Tiller, The information Tiller used to store about each release had to go somewhere. In Helm 2, this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the removal of Tiller, the information it used to store about each release had to go somewhere. In Helm 2, this
```

See the documentation on [Schema files](charts.md#schema-files) for more information.

### Consolidation of requirements.yaml into Chart.yaml

The Chart dependency management system moved from requirements.yaml and requirements.lock to Chart.yaml and Chart.lock,
meaning that charts that relied on the `helm dependency` subcommands will need some tweaking to work in Helm 3.

In Helm 2, this is how a requirements.yaml looked:

```
dependencies:
- name: mariadb
  version: 5.x.x
  repository: https://kubernetes-charts.storage.googleapis.com/
  condition: mariadb.enabled
  tags:
    - database
```

In Helm 3, the dependency is expressed the same way, but now from your Chart.yaml:

```
dependencies:
- name: mariadb
  version: 5.x.x
  repository: https://kubernetes-charts.storage.googleapis.com/
  condition: mariadb.enabled
  tags:
    - database
```

Charts are still downloaded and placed in the charts/ directory, so subcharts vendored into the charts/ directory will continue to work without modification.

### Name (or --generate-name) is now required on install

In Helm 2, if no name was provided, an auto-generated name would be given. In production, this proved to be more of a

> nuisance than a helpful feature, so we now make Helm error out if no name is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nuisance than a helpful feature, so we now Helm will throw an error if no name is provided.
```

- Using a single index file for search, metadata information, and fetching Charts has made it difficult or clunky to design around in secure multi-tenant implementations.

Docker’s Distribution project (also known as Docker Registry v2) is the successor to the Docker Registry project. Many
major cloud vendors have a product offering of the Distribution project, and with so many vendors offering the same
product, the Distribution project has benefited from many years of hardening, security best practices, and
battle-testing.

Please have a look at `helm help chart` and `helm help registry` for more information on how to package a chart and
push it to a Docker registry.

### Removal of helm serve

`helm serve` ran a local Chart Repository on your machine for development purposes. However, it didn't receive much
uptake as a development tool and had numerous issues with its design. In the end, we decided to remove it and split it
out as a plugin.

### Library chart support

> Helm 3 supports a class of chart called a “library chart”. This is a chart that is shared by other charts, but does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm 3 supports a class of charts called a “library chart”. This is a chart that is shared by other charts, but does not
```

Author: This is proper grammar.

> create any release artifacts of its own. A library chart’s templates can only declare define elements. Globally scoped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create any release artifacts of its own. A library chart’s templates can only declare and define elements. Globally scoped
```

> non-define content is simply ignored. This allows users to re-use and share snippets of code that can be re-used across

Reviewer: Not sure about this but ....
```suggestion
undefined content is simply ignored. This allows users to re-use and share snippets of code that can be re-used across
```

functionality is now enabled by default. To retain the previous behaviour, use
`helm uninstall --keep-history`.

> Additionally, several other commands were re-named to accomodate the same conventions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, several other commands were re-named to accommodate the same conventions:
```

- `helm inspect` -> `helm show`
- `helm fetch` -> `helm pull`

> These commands also retained their older verbs as aliases, so you can continue to use them in either form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands have also retained their older verbs as aliases, so you can continue to use them in either form.
```
